[SIEM] [Docs] Basic 7.5 updates (#649)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/siem/siem-ui.asciidoc

so you can start exploring data directly from the map. Hover over source and
destination points to see more information, such as hostnames and IP addresses.

> To drill down, click a point and use the plus sign to add a field to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To drill down, click a point and use the filter icon to add a field to the
```

The plus sign has been replaced with the 'filter' icon used elsewhere in the app. It'll show up on hover over the field's value.

e.g.
<img width=200 src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2946766/67533472-475ff680-f687-11e9-9644-6496a2c30103.png"/>

Author: Thanks

> query bar or drag a field to the Timeline. You can also click a hostname

Reviewer: ```suggestion
filter bar or drag a field to the Timeline. You can also click a hostname
```

Not sure if it's called a 'filter bar', but filters from the tooltips now add to the filter section below the query bar instead of directly as KQL.
